Originally I did but after so many miss apps I've had, you know what, Lover First Sight
can go sling one.
I do believe in Lover First Sight.
Just because of love is another part of either friendship or relationship as well, that it
can bring a positive outcome in someone and you can help them to be loved and be secure
and comfort.
But you can do that in friendship as well, put it in a different manner.
Love can be either relationship or be a family member or something.
I think it was hard for me when I was younger because I probably didn't believe it when
I was younger.
But as you get older you do because you kind of feel more as part of life then.
I think you realise that you need someone in your life probably to feel that way.
I thought I felt Lover First Sight probably about a few years ago when I started my college
because that's why college was perfect for me because I knew that getting a girlfriend
half and half.
I had a couple of girlfriends in there but they lived quite far away.
Finding love as well at first sight is hard.
I generally thought Lover First Sight, when I was going through primary school up in the
Maybe seven relationships in total but the one that I don't think you met or you might
have was Jess.
Yes, that was a couple of years ago.
That's when I was living with her for seven months.
That's when I generally thought it was Lover First Sight.
As we've said, it's hard when you're happy and something bad happens to you that you
think, am I doing anything right or wrong?
I know and they won't even tell you.
I'm lucky with mine.
When I seen Kimmy in Pondy bus station back in January 2017, I looked at her but she kind
of looked down because I think she probably felt the same, Lover First Sight.
We kind of knew there was something there so I think that's why we're still together now.
I think my first reaction was, and they call it puppy love.
Yes.
I think some of those people are lucky when you have someone you love and you see them
first.
That's definitely the girl.
Sometimes part of life you might not be lucky, you might be just positive and say, go for
it.
If not, it don't work out.
There's plenty more fish in the sea as they say.
Love is not a very powerful source for yourality.
I think it's hard for you because of who you are to believe it.
Believe it is.
I thought at one point I grasped it and then out of the blue I was just like, nah, I haven't
grasped it.
Still got to do a few tweaks year and May.
I have been doing those tweaks but it just doesn't work as much as it was without the
tweaks.